Hello, everyone.

I've just submitted the application to TestFlight. You should receive and invite to the beta via email.



#### Know Issues:

- Generating new address is slow. Anywhere from 20sec-1min
- White flashes when page navigates
- Side menu accessible through gesture at logout screen

### To Install:

1. Download the TestFlight application
2. Use your code to redeem the beta invite
3. Download the application

### To use:

1. Press the "Load new wallet button"
2. Enter Seed 
   - If you dont have a seed you can use the seed generator. You are *unable* to copy that Seed. This is to make sure you create a copy of it incase you loose or destroy your phone.
   - **Please note there are no restrictions on seed length** This is to allow for quick testing. DO NOT use a weak seed (less than 81 charaters).
3. Enter a complex password
   - This password allows you to log into the application without entering your 81 charater seed each time. 
   - **Please note there are no restrictions on password complexity**. This is to allow for quick testing. Ensure that you choose a **unique and complex** password because this password protects your seed. 
4. Click the button at the bottom
   - Press the agree button if you understand the warning that pops up.
   - Press cancel if you disagree then exit the app.
5. Wait for the app to load your SEED.
   1. If your seed has a large amount of addresses this proccess can take upwards of 5 minutes. **Be Patient**
   2. This is because it calculates each of your addresses and gets it's balance. 
   3. On an iPhone 6 this takes approx 18 seconds per address. This extended load occurs once when you load an existing wallet. Newer phones will be faster.
6. Use it like you'd use the desktop wallet.
   1. If you haven't used the desktop wallet, stop and familiarise your self with it. If you don't understand how to use, it will be hard to use this application. 
   2. I'm working on an in app tutorial of how to use it. 



### In the event of errors:

If the application becomes non-responsive or is acting weird, please note what behaviour lead up to this occuring and do the following: 

1. Please check to see if the error has be sumbitted on [Github](https://github.com/l3wi/iotaMobile/issues)
2. If the error doesn't exist there create an error describing the following:
   1.  What the issue is
   2. What you did before the issue occurred

### Restarting the app

If the app is acting up or frozen:

1. Double tap the home button
2. Swipe the app up to close it completely
3. Re-open the app.